README.md, before:

# PokeGuesser

One or two paragraphs providing an overview of your project. Tell us about your project.

Essentially, this part is your sales pitch.
 
## Design Process
 
Provide us insights about your design process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

In particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:
- As a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.

This section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. 
These files should themselves either be included as a pdf file in the project itself (in an separate directory)
Include the Adobe XD wireframe as a folder. You can include the XD share url. 

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.


## Testing

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Credits

### Content
- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

### Media
- The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

### Acknowledgements

- I received inspiration for this project from X

Commit message:

Edit README.MD for Introduction and Design Process

README.md, after:

# PokeGuesser

This is a site mostly for Pokémon enthusiasts or fans to test their Pokémon knowledge. Silhouettes of random Pokémon will be tossed at the user, with each accurate guess increasing the player's score.

It is created in such a way that the user feels as though they are in a Pokémon battle where they must guess the unknown Pokémon they are battling. It is an interactive design that also allows users to choose their username and gender, which customizes the Pokémon trainer with whom they are battling. 
 
## Design Process
 
This website application's goal is to build something that Pokemon enthusiasts would like. 

As fellow pokemon fans, we chose to go with a design that would allow you to enjoy our guessing game with a layout similar to the pokémon battles of older generation pokémon franchise. We intended to provide a customizable playing experience because most of us gamers appreciate being able to customize our characters, which is why we included the ability to choose the gender of the pokemon trainers.

We began with a simple welcome screen that requests your username. This is the point at which Professor Oak asks you for your name, signaling the start of your Pokemon adventure. Following that, they will ask you for your gender, which will also determine which Pokemon trainer you will use in the game. It would then take you to a loading screen before transitioning to the main guessing game.

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.
 
### Existing Features
- Feature 1 - allows users X to achieve Y, by having them fill out Z
- ...

In addition, you may also use this section to discuss plans for additional features to be implemented in the future:

### Features Left to Implement
- Another feature idea

## Technologies Used

In this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.


## Testing

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Credits

### Content
- The text for section Y was copied from the [Wikipedia article Z](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Z)

### Media
- The photos used in this site were obtained from ...

### Acknowledgements

- I received inspiration for this project from X
